(Intro text) 
Can you handle the truth? We'll analyze your posting patterns and alert you to your worst social media sins. Find out now, for the good of your friends! 

(inside) The Social Climber
You want everyone to know about the great times you have with your multitudes of awesome friends. Your excessive tagging and inside references leave us feeling annoyed rather than jealous, however. 

(linkbait) The Click Fisher
Clicking on link bait isn’t a sin, but inflicting it on all your friends? Bad move. Trust us, we don’t need your flood of quiz results, cat pictures, or celebrity gossip. Go indulge your listicle addiction in private. 

(promoter) The Pusher
You won’t rest until everyone you know is visiting your favorite hangouts, watching your favorite videos, and preordering your favorite products. It’s time you learned you’re *not* the arbiter of cool. 

(txtspeak) The Txtr 
OMG, ur posts r so 2003. Brb b4 I lose my mind. Seriously - you’re not limited by character count or your numeric keyboard. Write real words. 

(aggregator) The RSS Fiend
You’ve read 1,027 articles today, and I know because you shared them all. I thought I friended a human being, but your profile looks like the homepage of a badly designed content aggregator - or maybe just your clipboard. Your friends are suffocating beneath the weight of your irrelevant interests, and they’ll start “unfollowing” to escape it. 

(political) The Pugnacious Pundit
Everybody duck! It’s another political screed, courtesy of you, and it’s deafening everyone in its path. We know you have strong opinions, but you’re unlikely to change any minds with your broken-record bluster - in fact, you could be alienating even those on your own side.  

(overload) The Oversharer 
Too much information, too much of the time - your friends are bored to tears. Concentrate your updates in more meaningful posts, however, and you’ll see the likes multiply.  

(brag) The Brag
You may think your profile showcases your keen wit and worldly adventures, but your friends consider you an insufferable show-off. Tone down the self-congratulation, and prove you’re so hardcore you don’t have time to post about it. 

(enlightened) The Wannabe Guru 
You’re on the path to spiritual enlightenment, and you want to share it with everyone. The thing is, your very public declarations of truth look self-satisfied and sometimes downright pushy. They say “don’t hide your light under a bushel,” but we feel like we’re inside the sun. 

(crowdsourced) The Crowdsourcer
Got a decision to make, or a task to do? You immediately turn to the collective wisdom - and exasperation - of your friends. A little self-sufficiency never hurt anyone, Tom Sawyer. Try a little research before you seek the easy way out. 

(complainer) The Whiner
When life gives you lemons, you squeeze them on your papercuts. And then ours. Hearing your endless stream of disappointments makes us feel helpless - next time, tell us what we can do, or reach out to someone in person. 

(pageshares) The Content Recycler
Can’t you come up with anything original to say? The three R’s might be good for the planet, but they’re boring your friends. Stop sharing everything posted by those pages you Liked in 2009. If you’re getting your in-jokes on Facebook, they’re probably not that cool. 

(hashtag) And by the way, #stophashtaggingonfacebook #justsaying #YOLO 